com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ContactBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ContactBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivityHomeBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivityHomeBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/SearchBloodItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.SearchBloodItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/HospitalDetailBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.HospitalDetailBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/DetailPagerItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.DetailPagerItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/BuildConfig.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.BuildConfig
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/SplashBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.SplashBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/CovidCertificateBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.CovidCertificateBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ProfileBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ProfileBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ChattingItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ChattingItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ChattingBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ChattingBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/HospitalItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.HospitalItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivityAddInfoBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivityAddInfoBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/LoadingBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.LoadingBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/EventBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.EventBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/CertItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.CertItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ContactItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ContactItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivityMapsBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivityMapsBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/EventItemBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.EventItemBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivitySearchBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivitySearchBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/DonatedCertificateBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.DonatedCertificateBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/nvt/bloodbank/databinding/EditProfileBinding.java
 com.nvt.bloodbank.databinding.EditProfileBinding
